Update Dockerfile for onnxruntime 1.11.0 (#131)
huggingface/optimum: README.md

3. Apply the `export()` method
4. Run inference

> 

Reviewer: Maybe adding a tilte could be useful to make a clearer distinction between those two parts

> Besides the inference with ONNX Runtime, Optimum also supports training with ONNX Runtime backend, optimizing the memory and computations required for training. It can be done by applying the class `ORTTrainer`, which is similar to the `Trainer` API in the transformers library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides supporting ONNX Runtime inference, 🤗 Optimum also supports ONNX Runtime training, reducing the memory and computations needed during training. This can be achieved by using the class `ORTTrainer`, which possess a similar behavior than the `Trainer` of 🤗 Transformers:
```

```diff
-from transformers import Trainer
+from optimum.onnxruntime import ORTTrainer

# Step 1: Create your ONNX Runtime Trainer
-trainer = Trainer( 
+trainer = ORTTrainer(
              model=model,
              args=training_args,
              train_dataset=train_dataset,
              eval_dataset=eval_dataset,
              compute_metrics=compute_metrics,
              tokenizer=tokenizer,
              data_collator=default_data_collator,
              feature="sequence-classification",
          )

# Step 2: Use ONNX Runtime for training and evalution!🤗
train_result = trainer.train()
eval_metrics = trainer.evaluate()
```

> By changing `Trainer` to `ORTTrainer`, you will be able to leverage ONNX Runtime for fine-tuning tasks.

Reviewer: By replacing `Trainer` by `ORTTrainer`
